Implement [WebIDL2JSCallWithGlobal] for static operations (#216)
jsdom/webidl2js: README.md

## Nonstandard extended attributes

A couple of non-standard extended attributes are baked in to webidl2js:

### `[WebIDL2JSCallWithGlobal]`

> The `[WebIDL2JSCallWithGlobal]` extended attribute is used on IDL members to pass the  `globalObject` as the first parameter to static operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `[WebIDL2JSCallWithGlobal]` extended attribute is specified on static IDL operations, the generated interface code passes the [current global object](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/webappapis.html#current-global-object) as the first parameter to the implementation code. All other parameters follow `globalObject` and are unchanged. This could be used to implement factory functions that create objects in the current realm.
```
